you guys have two choices either leave
quietly we take the body or you stay you
get the out of you we take the body
besides me and Billy found him first
yeah rentals how you found him I think I
just turned my fruit rooms into a fudge
factory that's it your ass grassle okay
chambers your little this is your
last chance what do you say kid why
don't you go home and your mother
some more you're dead Kristen sweat
you're not taking amends is crazy
they're not taking them Scott a night
[Music]
you're gonna have to kill me ace you
know problem
not taking him nobody's taking come on
kid just give me the gum before you take
your foot off you ain't got the sec to
shoot a woodchuck I'll kill you I swear
to God
come on with chance give me the gun you
must have at least some of your brothers
good sense suck that one cheap
dime-store wood
why are you going to shoot us all always
trust you
[Music]